.\" $XFree86: xc/programs/Xserver/hw/xfree86/drivers/fbdev/fbdev.man,v 1.2 2001/01/27 18:20:47 dawes Exp $ 
.\" shorthand for double quote that works everywhere.
.ds q \N'34'
.TH XENOSFB __drivermansuffix__ __vendorversion__
.SH NAME
xenosfb \- video driver for Xbox 360 Xenos graphics chipset
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B "Section \*qDevice\*q"
.BI "  Identifier \*q"  devname \*q
.B  "  Driver \*qxenosfb\*q"
.BI "  BusID  \*qpci:" bus : dev : func \*q
\ \ ...
.B EndSection
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B xenosfb 
is an __xservername__ framebuffer driver for the Xenos graphics chipset of the
Xbox 360 gaming console. This is a non-accelerated driver.
.SH SUPPORTED HARDWARE
The 
.B xenosfb
driver supports all known Xbox 360 gaming console models on which it is
possible to run unsigned code. As it is based on the fbdev generic framebuffer
device driver, xenosfb uses the os-specific submodule
fbdevhw(__drivermansuffix__) to talk to the kernel device driver. Currently a
fbdevhw module is available for linux and the linux kernel for the Xbox 360 has
built-in support for the framebuffer.
.SH CONFIGURATION DETAILS
Please refer to __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__) for general configuration
details.  This section only covers configuration details specific to
this driver.
.PP
For this driver it is not required to specify modes in the screen 
section of the config file.  The
.B xenosfb
driver can pick up the currently used video mode from the framebuffer 
driver and will use it. The only way to change the video mode is through the
Xbox 360 dashboard or xenos_init() in XeLL.
.PP
The following driver 
.B Options
are supported:
.TP
.BI "Option \*qfbdev\*q \*q" string \*q
The framebuffer device to use. Default: /dev/fb0.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
__xservername__(__appmansuffix__), __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__), Xserver(__appmansuffix__),
X(__miscmansuffix__), fbdevhw(__drivermansuffix__)
.SH AUTHORS
Authors: Felix Domke, Axel Auweter \- based on the original fbdev work of:
Gerd Knorr, Michel D\(:anzer, Geert Uytterhoeven
.SH DISCLAIMER
Microsoft, Xbox, Xbox360 (and probably some more) are registered trademarks by
Microsoft Corp. No affiliation between the Free60 Project and Microsoft Corp.
exists or is implied. All other trademarks and copyrights are property of their
respective owners.
